# Day 3

### What did you work on today?

I did not have the opportunity to work on coding today. In my family, the day after Thanksgiving is something of a holiday in its own right. Thankfully it does not involve any part of Black Friday shopping, but it is the beginning of the Christmas season. Hiking, tree cutting, swearing, lights, movies, music...the whole works. 

### What do you plan on working tomorrow?

Tomorrow, I have a large block of time set aside to make up for the time I lost today. I will finish the 201 review assignment, as well as finish the last 2 lectures of the Introduction to Computer Science course I am auditing through Edx. I am also completing the jQuery tutorials through FreeCodeCamp and SoloLearn.  

### What did you learn today and/or re-enforce?

Since I didn't get to work on coding today, I'll mention something else I focused in on this week: the concept of abstraction. It is pillar concept of computer science, and whenever we are coding, we are abstracting data. Going all the way back to these foundational concepts has really helped me to organize so much of what we learned in 201 and 301. 

*Abstraction*
- A computer exists in one of two states- either it is powered on or off. Everything else is programming. 
- A computer truly only understands the 1s or 0s of binary. We have created formats and systems of binary to communicate more complex data: bits and bytes, the ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange) for letters and characters, RGB for color, etc.
- We use a variety of abstractions to communicate binary sequences to computers in a format that is more readily understood to humans as a machine language. This represents the lowest level of abstraction. 
- Abstraction exists in many levels/layers of software development, all with the goal of expressing instructions more succinctly and understandably.  