# Day 04

## Starting Week 2

We're now in week 2 of our break and for me, after prioritizing family last week, it's time to really get serious about _everything_ I want to learn this break. I recognize that my learning plan is ambitious, but just like our assignments, I have created my plan to include MVPs and also stretch goals. I won't finish it all, but that's okay.

I really appreciate the stacked-learning system, but my big goal is to fill in all the holes that are inherent in this learning style. These holes basically translate into all the "why's". I was able to acquire various degrees of the "what's" and "how's" of the big concepts we covered...but to really bring it all together, I need to know _why_ I would use one coding style over another, and especially why it all works. If I don't know why, I can't troubleshoot why not, right?

My first step is to build a more solid foundation in computer science and software theory, and I will be working through this throughout these first three weeks with a variety of courses through Edx and Coursera:

- Introdution to Computer Science CS50 (Harvard)
- Software Construction: Data Abstration (University of British Columbia)
- Software Construction: Object-Oriented Design (University of British Columbia)
- Algorithms and Data Structures (Microsoft)
- Automated Software Testing Part 1 (Delft University of Technology)
- Automated Software Testing Part 2 (Delft University of Technology)

These are all 6-8 week self-paced courses, so I'm definitely going through them at a clipped pace. But I know that I don't need to learn every detail, I am looking for the highlights and big concepts that will help me to be a better software developer.

For Weeks 4 and 5 of our break, I have a list of topic and skill specific tutorials and lessons that will take me back through html, css, javascript (**lots** of javascript), jquery, ajax, postgres, regex (ugh), and various lessons on server-side rendering, express, node.js, and APIs.

Week 6 is all devoted to 401 prework and tutorials on skills I anticipate will give me a headstart on what will undoubtedly be our most rigourous course. This includes algorithms, white-boarding, AWS, API creation, continuous deployment, and building tests for our own code. I really want to be prepared on day one of class.

**What did you work on today?**
Today I completed all 25 lessons in the now defunct Viking Coding School's [Software Engineering Basics](https://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics). The Viking Coding School isn't exactly defunct; it has been absorbed into a larger coding program. Thinkful, maybe? The website still offers the course content, but you can't track your progress because they are no longeer accepting new learners. Regardless, it's a great introduction to software engineering and basic concepts. This program caught me attention because of the pseudo-coding lessons.

**What do you plan on working tomorrow?**
Tomorrow, in addition to working through the foundation courses, I am going to complete tutorials in debugging, console-logs, and modular approaches to software planning.

**What did you learn today and/or re-enforce?**
One thing that really stood out, and was reinforced continuously throughout the Viking School Program is the **4-Step Engineering Problem Solving Approach**:

1. Understand the Problem
2. Plan a Solution
3. Carry out that Plan
4. Examine your Results for Accuracy

I also liked the concept that there is a product and a process, and many software developers confuse these two separate concepts.

And finally...this mantra: "First make it work, then make it work _right_, and then you can make it look pretty!"
