**Hello DevStation**

###Did you have any issues creating a blog?

I did get confused with the Ruby instructions at first. I appreciated the clarificaiton that Jekyll is already a part of GitHub Pages. I think I have everything set up correctly, but I'm about to find out for sure just as soon as I ACP this blog post :)

**UPDATE**
As it turns out, I did not have everything set up correctly. I continued to receive a 404 message when I attempted to navigate to my blog. Thankfully our Slack channel has been active today with lots of tips!

###How will you spend Thanksgiving this week?

I **LOVE** Thanksgiving! Although we call it *Friends*giving and the entire neighborhood gets involved. We light up the firepit and it's a full day of hanging out with friends, family, and good food. My husband is smoking 8 turkeys, starting on Tuesday night!

#Day 1

###What did you work on today?
Today I was derailed a bit in order to learn about Jekyl, Github, and blogs. I am currently working through the pre-work for 201 (remember way back when?), and also Introduction to Computer Science course through Edx/Harvard (it's free, check it out!).

###What do you plan on working tomorrow?
This week is all about working through 201 again and completing a few foundation courses.

###What did you learn today and/or re-enforce?
Today I learned that formatting always matters. I'm not 100% sure, but I suspect that my first attempts failed because I wasn't using my github user name or formatting the post md files correctly.
