## What did you work on today?
Today was heavily devoted to Thanksgiving preparations, but I did wake up early so that I could make forward progress in my coding:
1. I read through the 201 review assignment and made a "to-do" list of requirements. By the way, I am starting to resent Salmon Cookies Pat. Somehow he keeps coming back around...and around...and around. 
2. I worked on my Intro to Computer Science Course.
3. I played through Flex-box Froggy, Grid Garden, and CSS Dojo. 
4. I completed 4 lessons in the Modern Javascript tutorial.  

## What do you plan on working tomorrow?
Tomorrow I plan on watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, eating, playing in the snow, and spending lots of time with friends and family. Buuuut...no rest of the aspiring software developer, so I will also be spending 2-3 hours on my coding practice. This includes starting on my 201 review assignment. 

## Reflection: What did you learn today and/or re-enforce?
I find that the CSS methods are much easier now that I have used them all in some capacity! I am trying to not spend too much time on HTML and CSS, because I know that we will be working on back-end developing for the first part of 401. But CSS always felt a little like an addendum to our coding assignments, and I really want to take the time to gain a baseline proficiency with styling. I am emphasizing trying to create a standardized approach to my styling so that I don't overwrite styles or style by trial or error. I liked the SMACSS approach and I have been reading up on alternatives:
- CSS Guidelines
- OOCS (Object-Oriented CSS)
- BEM (Block, Element, Modifier)
- Idiomatic CSS
  