# Day 05

## What did you work on today?

Today I worked on my CS50 Intro to Computer Science course, which is interesting because they have us using their own invented programming language, which I though would be confusing but it actually helps to cement the concepts of computer science beyond javascript or any other machine language. 

I also completed half of the Sololearn javascript tutorial. I wasn't intending to revisit any specific language review this week, but I had the app on my phone and a large block of time to kill at my dad's occupational therapy appointment. I made it through the first half of the course: intro, script tags, variables, naming rules, data types, mathematical operators, assignment operators, comparison operators, logical operators, conditional statements, loops, and functions.   

## What will you work on tomorrow?

Tomorrow, in addition to the computer science foundation courses, I will wrap up the Sololearn javascript review tutorial I started today. 

## What did you learn today and/or re-enforce?

**Agile**
According to the Agile Manifesto, as developers, we value individuals and interactions over processes and tools; working software over comprehensive documentation; customer collaboration over contract negotiation; and responding to change over following a plan. 

The key components of the Agile Method:
 - There is an expectation of changes in the project requirements
 - Short Development Cycles (sprints)
 - Heavy client involvement and input throughout the development phase
 - Frequent re-evaluation of priorities and needs from multiple perspectives
 - Work is done in small cross-functional teams

 
**Javascript Review**
Something that I don't recall covering in class is the *switch* conditional statement. Switch is used to test for mulitple conditions, and it performs different actions based on different conditions. Switch statements can be used in place of nested if/else statements.

The syntax of a switch statement is:
    switch (expression) {
      case n1:
        statements
        break;
      case n2:
        statements
        break;
      default:
        statements 
    }